Remove unused images and some roboRIO info (#3303)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/networking/networking-introduction/systemcore-network-troubleshooting.rst

.. include:: <isonum.txt>

# Systemcore Network Troubleshooting

> Systemcore and FRC\ |reg| tools use dynamic IP addresses (:term:`DHCP`) for network connectivity. This article describes steps for troubleshooting networking connectivity between your PC and your Systemcore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Systemcore uses dynamic IP addresses (:term:`DHCP`) for network connectivity. This article describes steps for troubleshooting networking connectivity between your PC and your Systemcore
```

## USB Connection Troubleshooting

If you are attempting to troubleshoot the USB connection, try pinging Systemcore's IP address. As long as there is only one Systemcore connected to the PC, it should be configured as 172.28.0.1 on Windows and 172.29.0.1 on Linux/Mac. If this ping fails, make sure you have the Systemcore connected and powered.

If this ping succeeds, but the .local ping fails, it is likely that either the Systemcore hostname is configured incorrectly, or you are connected to a DNS server which is attempting to resolve the .local address.

> - :ref: Try `disabling all other network adapters <docs/networking/networking-introduction/systemcore-network-troubleshooting:Disabling Network Adapters>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Try :ref:`disabling all other network adapters <docs/networking/networking-introduction/systemcore-network-troubleshooting:Disabling Network Adapters>`
```

## Ethernet Connection

> .. image:: images/roborio-troubleshooting/roborio-ip-address.png

Reviewer: Add todo about updating image
